[TW-11] Rewrite managing team page (#4076)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/administration/managing-your-team/managing-your-team.md

---

> **[Certain team options are only available on Postman Basic, Professional, and Enterprise plans.](https://www.postman.com/pricing)**

Postman provides a variety of options to customize your team's experience, from the initial setup to ongoing team and plan management. As a Team Admin, you can streamline the onboarding process for your team, manage access control, and keep your team up to date with the latest version of Postman.

## Contents

* [Setting up your team](#setting-up-your-team)
* [Managing team members](#managing-team-members)
    * [Inviting users](#inviting-users)
        * [Managing invitations](#managing-invitations)
    * [Removing team members](#removing-team-members)
    * [Managing team roles](#managing-team-roles)
* [Managing your team’s Postman plan](#managing-your-teams-postman-plan)
    * [Changing team size](#changing-team-size)
    * [Upgrading your plan](#upgrading-your-plan)
* [Updating your team’s Postman version](#updating-your-teams-postman-version)
* [Next steps](#next-steps)

## Setting up your team

Once you've created your Postman team, you can take the following steps to enable an efficient onboarding process for end users:

> * Use the [Onboarding checklist](/docs/administration/onboarding-checklist/) to ensure that both the Postman app and Postman on the web are accessible on employee devices and function as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the [Onboarding checklist](/docs/administration/onboarding-checklist/) to ensure that both the Postman Desktop App and Postman for Web are accessible on employee devices and function as expected.
```

I _think_ it's "Postman Desktop App" and "Postman for Web", per https://postmanlabs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CD/pages/2560689504/Lexicon+word+list

* [Enable team discovery](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/collaboration-intro/#enabling-team-discovery) to allow fellow Postman users from your organization to request to join your team.
* [Configure SSO](/docs/administration/sso/admin-sso/) ([Professional and Enterprise plans only](https://www.postman.com/pricing)).
* [Configure SCIM provisioning](/docs/administration/scim-provisioning/scim-provisioning-overview/) ([Enterprise plans only](https://www.postman.com/pricing)).

## Managing team members

You can invite collaborators, remove existing team members, and update user permissions at any time directly in Postman.

### Inviting users

You can invite users to your Postman team by navigating to [Manage Team](https://go.postman.co/settings/team/members) and selecting **Invite People**. Enter the email addresses of the individuals you'd like to invite and select **Add**. Assign these users one or more [team roles](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#team-roles), then select **Send Invites**.

<img alt="Invite users to team" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/team-invite-people-v9.1.0.jpg" width="350px"/>

> Or, you can invite users to your team via links. To do so, select **Get Link**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, you can invite a user to join your team with a link. To do so, select **Get Link**.
```

(Per style guide discussion for Cycle 4, it looks like "via" is on the way out 😁)

Reviewer 2: See ya via, wouldn't wanna be ya! 🤣

> Only Team Admins and [Super Admins](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#team-roles) can send invitations, however team members can submit requests to invite collaborators to your team. You can review these requests in your [team dashboard](https://go.postman.co/settings/team/members) and opt to approve or dismiss them. If approved, an invite will be sent to the individual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only Team Admins and [Super Admins](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#team-roles) can send invitations. However, any team member can submit requests to invite collaborators to your team. You can review these requests in your [team dashboard](https://go.postman.co/settings/team/members) and opt to approve or dismiss them. If you approve the request, Postman will send an invitation to the individual.
```

You can also allow Postman users from your company to request to join your team by [enabling team discovery](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/collaboration-intro/#making-your-team-discoverable).

> > [Postman Enterprise](https://www.postman.com/pricing) teams can enable [SCIM provisioning](/docs/administration/scim-provisioning/scim-provisioning-overview/), which allows you to create, update, and deactivate user accounts at scale through your identity provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Postman Enterprise](https://www.postman.com/pricing) teams can enable [SCIM provisioning](/docs/administration/scim-provisioning/scim-provisioning-overview/), which enables you to create, update, and deactivate user accounts at scale through your identity provider.
```

#### Managing invitations

You can review the invitations your team has sent by opening your [team dashboard](https://go.postman.co/settings/team/members) and selecting [**Invite links**](https://go.postman.co/settings/team/manage-invite-links) from the left-hand menu. Here, you can see which users generated links, when they were generated, their expiry date, and their URL.

<img alt="Invite links dashboard" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/team-manage-invite-links-v9.2.jpg"/>

> To copy an active invite URL, hover over a row and select the copy icon <img alt="Copy link icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-copy-v9.jpg#icon" width="15px"> to the right.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To copy an active invite URL, hover over a row and select the copy icon <img alt="Copy link icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-copy-v9.jpg#icon" width="15px">.
```

Reviewer 2: I _think_ we're trying to avoid using direction unless really needed? @HeatherStenson correct me if I'm wrong!

Reviewer: > I think we're trying to avoid using direction unless really needed

I don't think we've made any determinations on this front! Or at least not any that I can find 🤔 I know that Prithvi called out the fact that some elements can move depending on screen size, but I don't think we had a real discussion about whether that meant we should avoid using directional terms altogether. Is that your recollection too @jkonrath-postman?

Reviewer 2: Maybe I'm just remembering that we got rid of the "left" in "left sidebar" 🤤

Reviewer 3: Mary mentioned the direction thing a few cycles ago, but aside from the sidebar, it's not in the guide yet. I just added this to discuss in the next cycle.

For this specific edit, I would agree to snip "to the right."

> To revoke an active invitation, hover over the invitation and select the delete icon <img alt="Delete link icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-delete-v9.jpg#icon" width="12px"> to the right.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To revoke an active invitation, hover over the invitation and select the delete icon <img alt="Delete link icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-delete-v9.jpg#icon" width="12px".
```

### Removing team members

To remove a member from your team, go to your [team dashboard](https://go.postman.co/settings/team/members). Select the delete icon <img alt="Delete icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-delete-v9.jpg#icon" width="12px"> next the team member's name.

![Removing a team member](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/remove-team-member-v9.19.jpg)

To confirm, select **Remove User From Team**.

<img alt="Confirmation for removing a team member" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/remove-user-from-team-confirmation.jpg" width="400px"/>

> When you remove a user from your team, you will still retain access to any data they have shared with the team. However, any data in the user’s personal workspaces is owned by that user and their ownership for that data won't be transferred when they're removed from your team.

### Managing team roles

> Each team member must have one or more team roles, which will allow them to perform various actions within your team. Roles can be granted to users individually, or to members of a [group](/docs/administration/managing-your-team/user-groups/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each team member must have one or more team roles, which enable them to perform various actions within your team. Roles can be granted to users individually, or to members of a [group](/docs/administration/managing-your-team/user-groups/).
```

Reviewer 3: RBAC is one of the few times you can use allow instead of enable, so I'd argue this isn't needed.

You can modify the roles of team members by selecting **Team** in the upper right > [**Manage Team**](https://go.postman.co/settings/team/members).

Under **Members**, select the roles next to the user you'd like to update. Select the roles you'd like to assign or unassign, then **Update Roles** to confirm your changes.

<img alt="Edit team roles" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/members-and-groups-update-roles-v9.18.jpg" width="650px"/>

> Each team member must have at least one team role assigned to them.

Teams can have two support accounts at no extra cost. Support accounts are defined as members with only Admin or Billing roles. Members with a Super Admin or Developer role will consume a paid slot on your team.

For full details about the Postman team roles that you can assign as a Team Admin, see [Team roles](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#team-roles). Some roles are only available for teams with [Postman Professional or Enterprise](https://www.postman.com/pricing) plans.

## Managing your team’s Postman plan

You can manage your team size or upgrade your plan at any time during your team's billing cycle.

### Changing team size

> Team members with the Billing role can change your team's number of paid slots in their [billing dashboard](https://go.postman.co/billing/overview). Team Admins can invite more users without having to pay in advance for more seats with [Auto-Flex](/docs/administration/billing/#utilizing-auto-flex).

Reviewer: ❓ 

```suggestion
Team members with the Billing role can change your team's number of paid slots in the [billing dashboard](https://go.postman.co/billing/overview). Team Admins can invite more users without having to pay in advance for more seats with [Auto-Flex](/docs/administration/billing/#utilizing-auto-flex).
```

Reviewer 3: Agreed - it's everyone's dashboard, provided they have permission to use it.

For more information, see [Team and plan changes](/docs/administration/billing/#team-and-plan-changes).

### Upgrading your plan

> Team members with the Billing role can upgrade your team plan in their [billing dashboard](https://go.postman.co/billing/overview). For more information, see [Changing your plan](/docs/administration/billing/#changing-your-plan).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Team members with the Billing role can upgrade your team plan in the [billing dashboard](https://go.postman.co/billing/overview). For more information, see [Changing your plan](/docs/administration/billing/#changing-your-plan).
```

## Updating your team’s Postman version

> If your team isn't on the latest version of Postman (v9), you can update your team to ensure everyone has access to the complete API development experience that Postman has to offer. To do so, see [Upgrading your team to the current version of Postman](/docs/administration/upgrading/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If your team isn't on the latest version of Postman, you can update your team to ensure everyone has access to the complete API development experience that Postman has to offer. To do so, see [Upgrading your team to the current version of Postman](/docs/administration/upgrading/).
```

Reviewer 3: We should start cleaning up these little poison pills before September :)

## Next steps

Check out [Postman's integrations](/docs/integrations/intro-integrations/) to incorporate Postman into your existing API development workflows.

> If you're on an Enterprise plan, check out [Postman's reporting feature](/docs/reports/reports-overview/) that provides insights into your team's API development, including tests, documentation, and monitoring coverage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're on an Enterprise plan, check out [Postman's reporting feature](/docs/reports/reports-overview/), which provides insights into your team's API development, including tests, documentation, and monitoring coverage.
```
